This half month
I gradually adapted to the life of Skywolf Gate
Brother He is still the same as before
Treat me as a junior brother and take care of me
Yang Shidun treats me well too
Under his guidance
My Vientiane staff can no longer do it.
And for the fifth time, inside the wolf gate, everything is getting better and better.
Even the hour festival is still so energetic
The school is really overwhelmed
The fifth grade has finally broken through
Let's take a look at what's good about this original treasure
Bullying seniors
I have reached the fifth grade show position
Please also open the fifth original treasure
Obey the master
This is the owner
This is Hunyuan Life Continuation Pill
Can give birth to dead flesh and bones
No matter how many injuries
Just swallow it and it will be restored immediately.
This supply training sheet is so powerful.
Doesn't that mean I have two lives?
The following primordial treasures are even more magical
It can be opened one by one as long as the master's cultivation base breaks through
At my current cultivation speed
settle down
Assisted by cultivation resources
Liuping can be broken by the day
Looking for a gallbladder minister
But I broke through the six days
It's the death of your father and son